additions and standardizations for polygon() and path() (#30545)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/basic-shape/polygon/index.md

polygon(evenodd, 0% 0%, 50% 50%, 0% 100%)
```

> The parameters to `polygon()` are separated by a comma and optional whitespace. The 1st parameter is an optional [`<fill-rule>`](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/fill-rule) value. The 2nd-Nth parameters are points that define the polygon. Each point is a pair of x/y coordinate {{cssxref("length-percentage")}} values separated by a space, e.g. "0px 0px" for the left/top corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `polygon()` parameters are separated by a comma and optional whitespace. The first parameter is an optional [`<fill-rule>`](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/fill-rule) value. Additional parameters are points that define the polygon. Each point is a pair of x/y coordinate {{cssxref("length-percentage")}} values separated by a space, e.g. "0 0" and "100% 100%" for the left/top and bottom right corners, respectively.
```
we generally recommend no units for zero lengths, so changed it and added a percentage value so we could show units.
